[Music]
you're after something is it revenge
money
or is it something else you look good
little rough around the edges but good
heard about a job big shot gangster
putting together crew
I'm a driver and I'm a flier
the waited a long time for a shot like
this
what do you think well what do you know
you got a line on the ship
yeah no guy either by smuggling around I
heard a story about you I was wondering
if it's true everything you've heard
about me is true
l-3 let's go with a mean man's face hey
these guys
if you come with us you're in this life
for good my wanna buckle up baby
[Music]
let me give you some advice
we assume everyone will betray you and
you will never be disappointed I got a
really good feeling about this
when do you know how to fly a hundred
and ninety years old feel great
[Music]